Add known issue about PKI secrets engine with Consul (#18003)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/pki/index.mdx

@include 'x509-sha1-deprecation.mdx'

!> **Vault 1.11.0+ incompatible as Consul CA provider:** Do not use [Vault
v1.11.0+](/vault/docs/release-notes/1.11.0#known-issues) as Consul’s Connect CA
provider — the intermediate CA will become unable to issue the leaf nodes
required by service mesh and all actions (if using auto-encrypt or auto-config,
and using mTLS for server-to-server communication). If you are already using
Vault 1.11.0+ as a Connect CA, refer to the [Knowledge Base
article](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491) for

> more information about the underlying cause and recommended workaround.

Reviewer: I proposed a wording change on the Consul equivalent of this notification here: https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/15422#pullrequestreview-1184621413

Once @im2nguyen resolves that comment and merges the Consul docs PR, you could update this PR to use the same wording.

Reviewer: The wording I see here currently is not the wording of what was recently merged in the Consul docs. The Consul docs PR wording was updated within the past hour.

I'll propose a change that aligns with the final Consul wording.

@include 'x509-sha1-deprecation.mdx'

!> **Vault 1.11.0+ incompatible as Consul CA provider:** Do not use [Vault
v1.11.0+](/vault/docs/release-notes/1.11.0#known-issues) as Consul’s Connect CA

> provider — the intermediate CA will become unable to issue the leaf nodes
> required by service mesh and all actions (if using auto-encrypt or auto-config,
> and using mTLS for server-to-server communication). If you are already using
> Vault 1.11.0+ as a Connect CA, refer to the [Knowledge Base

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provider — the intermediate CA will become unable to issue the leaf nodes required by service mesh,
and by Consul client agents if using auto-encrypt or auto-config and using TLS for agent communication.
If you are already using Vault 1.11+ as a Connect CA, refer to this [Knowledge Base
```
